Upgrading terraform cloud in the UI using plan-only and allow-empty-apply runs (#2313)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/cloud-docs/api-docs/run.mdx

| `policy_checked`       | The sentinel policy checking phase of a run has completed.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| `confirmed`            | The plan produced by the run has been confirmed.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

> | `planned_and_finished` | The completion of a run containing a plan only, or a run that produces a plan with no changes to apply.  This is a final state.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `planned_and_finished` | The completion of a run containing a plan only, or a run that produces a plan with no changes to apply. This is a final state.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
```

| `errored`              | The run has errored. This is a final state.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| `canceled`             | The run has been canceled.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

> | `force_canceled`       | The run has been canceled, forcefully.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |

Reviewer: Can we provide the tiniest bit more here. How is this different from just being canceled? Is it because of who is doing the canceling? or....what do we mean exactly? Also, should we say that this is a final state, like the others?

Author: I will add more. It means that the run could not be canceled gracefully and it was force-canceled by a workspace admin.

Properties without a default value are required.

| Key path                                           | Type                 | Default                                            | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
|----------------------------------------------------|----------------------|----------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `data.attributes.auto-apply`                       | bool                 | The current Auto Apply setting in the workspace    | Whether to automatically apply changes when a Terraform plan is successful. Defaults to the [Auto Apply](/cloud-docs/workspaces/settings#auto-apply-and-manual-apply) workspace setting.                                                      |

> | `data.attributes.is-destroy`                       | bool                 | false                                              | Specifies whether this plan is a destroy plan that will destroy all provisioned resources. Mutually exclusive with `refresh-only`.                                                                                                            |

Reviewer 2: I think I'm fine either way on this one, but I'll note in passing that "destroy plan" _is_ the in-UI name of this operation type, and we say it verbatim in places like the run details page, the runs list, and the page where you can kick one off.

| `data.attributes.target-addrs`                     | array\[string]       |                                                    | Specifies an optional list of resource addresses to be passed to the `-target` flag.                                                                                                                                                       |
| `data.attributes.variables`                        | array\[{key, value}] | (empty array)                                      | Specifies an optional list of run-specific variable values. See [Run-Specific Variables](/cloud-docs/workspaces/variables/managing-variables#run-specific-variables) in the Terraform Cloud workspaces documentation for more information. |
| `data.attributes.plan-only`                        | bool                 | false                                              | Specifies if this is a speculative, plan-only run that is not apply-able. Often used in conjunction with terraform-version in order to test whether an upgrade would succeed.                                                              |

> | `data.attributes.terraform-version`                | string               |                                                    | Specifies the terraform version to use in this run. Must be a valid terraform version available to the organization                                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `data.attributes.terraform-version`                | string               |                                                    | Specifies the terraform version to use in this run. Must be a valid terraform version available to the organization.                                                                                                                        |
```

> | `data.attributes.allow-empty-apply`                | bool                 |                                                    | Specifies whether the run is apply-able even when no changes are planned. Often used after upgrading the workspace to a new terraform version without other infrastructure changes being present.                                          |

Reviewer: thoughts? Also + 1 to @sebasslash comment to do linking :) 

```suggestion
| `data.attributes.allow-empty-apply`                | bool                 |                                                    | Specifies whether Terraform can apply the run even when the plan contains no changes. Often used to upgrade state after upgrading a workspace to a new terraform version.                                          |
```
